here's the thing I am extremely nervous
conference apakah guided oh look it's me
I'm giving a talk today at South by
Southwest first time ever South by
Southwest big deal very big deal so I'm
not taking it lightly I need to be in my
room in four minutes
I am terrified public speaking I enjoy
it once I do it and I'm up there and
it's over but like 30
so it's 34 minutes for my talk I'm
[Music]
alright you nervous to do the intro
ultimate things I'm kind of gonna hide
behind the podium guys I'm nervous
look how many people are here
oh my gosh they're all here to hear me I
don't what if I just like ran out
there's like a line but the room is
packed I think I chose the most like
general title possible for a talk that's
probably why there's people here
leveraging social media to build your
brand
[Applause]
[Music]
I just finished my talk I am back back
in the room collecting my thoughts the
crowd was so epic they had to turn away
literally hundreds of people I
attributed to the very generic titling
how to leverage social media to build
your brand of course everyone wants to
know how to leverage social media to
build their brand um yeah it was so cool
to hear people's feedback and then you
know coming to me after and saying you
know thank you for what you do like
people who already follow me on social
media but people who just like don't
know me at all and was like that was
awesome that was cool
I equate public speaking for me like
jumping out of an airplane it was
amazing I think it went well still a
little bit the moments before are
nerve-wracking you don't want to do it
are you kidding me like why am i jumping
out of an airplane but then once you
jump out of the airplane
it's like heck of fun and when you land
safely on the ground you're like let's
do that again
public speaking my favorite part after
Cox is going into Twitter and seeing
what people have said watching an ice
block melting this is Internet at its
finest yes it is Richard I talked about
the Game of Thrones livestream of them
melting a block of ice
[Music]
so it is now the night time something
about South by Southwest is there are so
many parties so many people are always
throwing parties coordinating is chaotic
who is going to what party how are you
gonna get into it people knowing people
people and just like all the
coordination it's chaos
[Music]
that is a BMW i8 inside of a vending
machine doesn't properly introduce
someone who are you what do you do
Prince my motor driving to channel a
select motorcycle stuff there's a
motorcycle behind me towing a human
you spread basically basically rip up on
the streets yeah and you're based in
Austin I am based in Austin yes and
we're internet friends and now we're
real-life friends we're trying let's see
if we can get into this one this is one
that just I know like Casey and a lot of
YouTube people are at and I'm kind of
banking on knowing everyone in there so
hopefully we can get it
Twitter huh Pinterest house oh here it
is CNN
[Applause]
[Music]
priorities free tacos taking vlog that's
it damn chef or take overall Sara eats
the boys are geeking out over the new
here's the deal
[Music]
this is how you do it
pretty good
[Applause]
we have arrives this is a bus this is
Louise bus no it's a home this is insane
there's an entire bedroom look at how
gorgeous this is like wood this is the
oh my gosh anyone wanna come over a bowl
for the first time here we go oh my god
you look amazing
[Laughter]
yes but see it kind of has like an
alcohol taste right I do like that
aftertaste
I really have a soda Sam is convincing
Sam to come to New York I'm sold 100%
some perspective of where I am I am in
Louise bus if you have not seen the
journey that they have taken with this
thing all throughout Mexico you need to
check out Louise vlogs but I'm impressed
it was real guys it was real Louie thank
you for having me all of you guys are
the bomb this feels really weird
[Laughter]
we are boosting home boosting throughout
six
that cake
yes
yo it is lit down here
oh my god it's a nice day yesterday was
so fun it was so so fun
everyone's links will be down in the
description below there's a ton of stuff
still planned for this weekend ton of
great stuff and I just got some visitors
so I'm gonna show you in the next vlog
who came and surprised me in Austin
Texas until next time stay peachy okay
bye
[Music]
you